[Applause]
last year there were seven cloud ipos in
total
bessemer was an investor in four of them
[Applause]
our secret sauce is our road mapping
process
the firm will have 20 to 30 active road
maps
part of our predictions that used to be
internal road maps we now
expose to the world and we're thrilled
to be unveiling
our annual state of the cloud report
we're gonna try to talk about where
we've been
where we're at and then where we think
we're headed you essentially now have a
playbook to how to go out and build your
great cloud business you now have a peer
group and a support group not just
through online communities like saster
but through a pure ceo set that is
absolutely world class you're not alone
you don't need to figure this all out
for the first time
as people did 20 years ago
the two things that i love the most
outside is just the general value prop
one it's
the story and the product is personal to
the founder just understanding
where you differentiate and how you're
going to win being able to clearly
articulate that is really key
we can't wait to see what you're going
to build keep kicking ass thank you
[Music]